(ETHEREAL CLASSICAL
MUSIC PLAYING)
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
(MUSIC FADES)
(FEET DRAGGING ON FLOOR)
(LIGHT SWITCH CLICKS)
The womb became the vessel
which became the cup
that was filled
with the blood of Christ.
Now throughout
the history of the goddess.
we see her symbols becoming
objects for our possession.
For example.
the Greeks decapitated Medusa
and placed her on
Athena's shield as protection.
Even the seats that we sit on.
does anyone know
who it symbolizes?
- The goddess?
- BELINDA: Yes.
Isis's name
literally means throne.
Is it really any wonder
why we anthropomorphize chairs
with arm. leg. and back?
(EERIE CLASSICAL MUSIC
PLAYING OVER RADIO)
(DOOR OPENS)
(DOOR CLOSES)
- Is he in there. Mary?
- No.
Frank will be another hour.
but you can leave him a note.
This about the schedule.
Belinda?
- Yes.
- Oh.
Must feel rotten.
things out of your control.
- Oh. I'm fine.
- Well. that's great to know
because it's nothing personal.
It's like. uh...
- What does Frank call it?
- Yeah.
Well. just tell him that
I really need to talk to him
about the schedule. please.
I've seen people like you
give up.
but you're so. so good
and so valued.
The anthropology department
can't function
without adjuncts.
But I'm not
an adjunct anymore.
Oh. you're such a hard worker
and so smart.
(CAR DOOR OPENS. CLOSES)
NORMAN: Hey. Sorry I'm late.
- Babe?
- (TAPS ON WINDOW)
(WINDOW WHIRRING)
Hey.
I'm gonna throw up. Norman.
My stomach is crazy.
Everything's fine.
Okay? Don't worry.
What if the doctor
can't find a heartbeat?
Hey. I love you.
It's okay.
(KEYBOARD AND MOUSE CLACKING)
Your daughter looks great.
Belinda.
Spine is aligned.
- A nice big head.
- (BELINDA CHUCKLES)
You see her little legs
right there?
Now move on to the heart.
- Can I hear it?
- Of course.
(SOUND OF HEARTBEAT
ON SCANNER)
It's perfect.
I can see all four...
BELINDA: Shh.
(HEARTBEAT CONTINUES BEATING
ON SCANNER)
(BELINDA BREATHES DEEPLY)
(CHAIR SCRAPING)
(EXHALES)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
NORMAN: Babe?
Well. you said
your mother held you in it.
Well. yeah.
But you dragged it in here
all by yourself?
(BELINDA SIGHS)
Why'd I do that?
NORMAN: Hey.
(CHUCKLES) Hey. It's okay.
What's going on?
Am I supposed to be a mom?
Yes.
- You saw the baby.
- Yeah. I know. but...
it's not...
They gave away two
of my classes to a new hire.
I'm basically losing my job.
- They can't do that.
- Yes. they can.
I'm non tenure.
I knew they would always
see me as a fucking adjunct.
Oh. shit.
And then
when we were at the OB.
I was jealous of everybody
because they were so happy.
And I should be happy because
I know the baby is fine
but everything is a mess.
Work and this house
still isn't right.
What are we gonna do. Norman?
(CELLPHONE RINGING)
I'm sorry. Hold on.
What's this number?
BELINDA: Hmm.
(NORMAN GRUNTS)
Hello?
WOMAN: Norman.
Norman Gene. that you?
(SUSPENSFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
BELINDA: Uh... who's this?
WOMAN: I am his mother.
NORMAN: Jesus. Oh. my God.
There are things
I haven't told you
about Solange.
Your... your stepmom?
She's even worse
than you think.
She wouldn't let me eat...
as a kid until she believed me
when I sang Jesus Loves Me.
I don't know what's going on.
My dad is dying.
Stomach cancer.
(BELINDA GASPS)
She wants me
to come see him. but...
Norman. I am so sorry.
- We have to see him.
- No.
You have to. don't you?
No. I don't!
(NORMAN SIGHS)
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
She thinks
that the Holy Spirit
possesses her and...
gives her power.
She calls it
her signs and wonders.
Wow.
Why didn't you tell me?
Because it's... it's...
I thought
it would scare you away.
And honestly.
I don't think
that she would even...
approve of you and me.
- Oh. come on. She's not...
- I'm serious. It's like that.
- (SIGHS)
- You know what?
Solange doesn't matter.
We have to focus on us.
On our family.
(BELINDA CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYS)
(HEAVY BREATHING)
(BABY CRYING)
(CRYING CONTINUES)
(HEARTBEAT POUNDING)
(EERIE LULLABY MUSIC PLAYING)
(BABY CONTINUES CRYING)
(BELINDA GASPS)
- NORMAN: Belinda?
- Norman.
- NORMAN: You okay?
- (SIGHS)
Guess I was sleepwalking.
NORMAN: Oh.
And did you open the window?
(WINDOW CLOSES. LOCK CLICKS)
That's Wallace's.
I found it on the carpet.
Must have missed it
when we moved the nursery.
BELINDA: Yeah.
(NORMAN SIGHS)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(EERIE VIOLIN MUSIC PLAYS
AND FADES)
Do you know where he is. Mary?
MARY: Oh. Ouch.
I think
he's with the new hires...
- (BELINDA SCOFFS)
- ...showing them around.
But we had an appointment.
(CLOCK TICKING)
(BELINDA SIGHS)
(BELINDA EXHALES)
I'm done with this place.
Wait. You can't go in there.
- (DOOR SLAMS OPEN)
- BELINDA: I quit.
(DOOR SLAMS SHUT)
(PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
(PIANO AND THEREMIN PLAYING)
(DOOR OPENS. CLOSES)
Norman.
I was trying to buy
a can of paint today
and the card declined.
It was so embarrassing.
What's going on? Are you okay?
The pastor from
my parents' church called.
My dad is dead.
(CHURCH ORGAN PLAYING)
(PRAYER BEING READ
INDISTINCTLY)
PASTOR LEWIS:
Jesus said to her.
- "He who believes in me..."
- (WHISPERS) Welcome.
"...though he may die.
he shall live."
Do you believe this?
CONGREGATION: Yes.
PASTOR LEWIS:
Death is a revelation.
Lawrence Irwin
is yet more alive
than we are now.
With his loving wife. Solange.
He was teacher.
healer.
and friend.
And...
just in case any of you
sought one more lesson...
(LAUGHTER)
Lawrence instructed me
to read his favorite passage
of scripture.
(READS) "There is one body
and spirit who is above all
"and through all and in all."
Norman.
NORMAN: Pastor Lewis.
Um. this is my wife.
uh. Belinda.
Belinda. Hello.
Oh.
My condolences to you both.
- Thank you for the service.
- PASTOR LEWIS: Oh.
(CHUCKLING) Norman. wait.
Uh. Solange. your mother.
asked me to bring you to her.
- Stepmother.
- Yes.
I understand your hesitation.
I do. (INHALES SHARPLY)
Not all of us believes
quite like she does.
But. Norman. she's changed.
- Oh. (CHUCKLES)
- PASTOR LEWIS: Yeah.
Come and see.
We both know what your father
would have prayed for.
(SOMBER MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SOMBER MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CANES CLACK LOUDLY)
(FEET DRAGGING)
SOLANGE: Would you
remove my veil
so I could see you
more clearly?
You must be
my Norman's Belind-er.
It's lovely to meet you.
Solange.
He didn't say
you were expecting.
And the pastor says
the days of miracles
have come and gone.
(CHUCKLES) Now. Solange...
Hush now.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
Is it a girl?
Oh!
Praise him! (CHUCKLES)
How did...
how did you know that?
Truth set aflame
by the Holy Spirit.
Do I deserve any tenderness?
We have much to discuss
as a family.
(SPUTTERING) I... We. um...
Belinda has to rest.
Don't you owe me
this kindness?
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
Ain't it a wonder
how you're changing?
Sometimes I feel like
it's her body and not mine.
You're a vessel
that holds his child.
And praise Jesus.
he's making it right.
Those two will never know
what it's like.
- To change is woman.
- (BELINDA CHUCKLES)
Well. Norman
is a wonderful husband.
Like his father. bless him.
but men are children
that must be taught.
especially those
younger than us.
I will admit.
my last change
was not preferable.
Men-o-pause.
(LAUGHTER)
Ain't no pause in it. (LAUGHS)
Lucifer couldn't have made
hot flashes so hot.
- (LAUGHTER)
- Okay. Okay. Stop.
How's it look?
Had my lawyer draft the will.
Of course.
he couldn't have done as well
as my son. the lawyer.
I'm a public defender.
Solange.
- I'm not probate.
- Of course.
Helping those in need.
Taught him so well.
You wanna give us everything?
SOLANGE: Every cent.
And I already sold the house.
so add that too.
Well...
Where... where are you
going to live?
Well. doctor says I should not
live by my lonesome.
PASTOR LEWIS: Norman.
your father's final request
was that I help this decision.
(EXHALES HEAVILY)
He wants you to take
your mother into your home.
(UNSETTLING MUSIC PLAYING)
- So... What?
- Oh. don't you get it?
(CHUCKLES)
I'm willing to give you
all the money I got.
(EXHALES)
Is it a... a large...
SOLANGE: All I ask in return
is you take me home.
to live my final days
on this fallen world
with my family.
(MUSIC BUILDS. STOPS ABRUPTLY)
Shit.
Look. Solange is right.
We can't live in the past.
She was an awful mother
to me...
stepmother to me as a kid.
The only TV I could watch
was one goddamn tape
of VeggieTales
because Nick Jr. was ungodly.
VeggieTales?
Definitely after my time.
But look. grown-up Norman
needs our help now.
Yeah. No.
I... I... I don't know.
Look. I couldn't buy
a can of paint.
All I know is
if she comes to the house.
it's gonna be
her fucking church.
We're gonna be her disciples
like her little
fucking apostles.
No. We're gonna be
the ones that help her.
Isn't it good
that it helps us too?
I mean. we can pay off
the house with that money.
Everything in me
is telling me to run away.
To go and forget about her.
Then do what she did. Change.
It's not just about us.
(NORMAN SIGHS)
(OBJECT THUDS)
Use your legs to lift.
Norman Gene.
- I am.
- Did you tip the driver?
- (CLICKING TONGUE)
- (NORMAN GRUNTS)
Oh. Lord.
BELINDA: Oh. yeah.
Oh. Lord! (GROANS)
BELINDA:
It's a really old house.
- (SOLANGE SIGHS)
- BELINDA: Well...
welcome home. Solange.
- Thank you.
- How do you feel?
Pooped.
Let's get you to your room.
Right this way.
- Here.
- Oh. where are we going?
Oh. your room is upstairs
across from ours
in case you need anything.
I... I can't
get up them stairs.
The doctor says
it's arthritis.
We made it up for you.
Don't matter. I can't do it.
Well. what's in there?
Oh. that's the...
That is the baby's room.
BELINDA: Yeah.
That's the nursery.
Ain't it unsafe
to have a baby downstairs?
- BELINDA: Oh. well. I. uh...
- No.
Belinda...
Belinda put a lot of work
into that nursery.
BELINDA: Uh. Norman.
let's just talk about it
for a second.
I thought
that we wanted the baby
away from Wallace's room.
I thought that's why we put
the nursery in the front room.
I did. and I do.
But she has a point.
Isn't it dangerous
to keep a baby downstairs?
They don't care
about their poor crippled...
Oh. Jesus. Solange. please.
Did you hear
what he called me?
He never calls me mother.
Wouldn't it make you
feel terrible?
Look. Let's just do it.
I don't want her hearing us
talking about Wallace
or asking questions.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(OBJECT CLATTERING)
(NORMAN GROANS)
He never liked chores.
Hmm.
When Lawrence and I finished
our home. we knew.
Buy cheap. Buy twice.
BELINDA: Okay.
Oh. my God.
Is this you. Solange?
(CHUCKLES)
Hard to believe. ain't it?
- Were you a model?
- And an actress.
At least
that's what I called myself.
I have no shame
in saying I was...
(COUGHS)
(COUGHS. SPUTTERS) I was...
(WHEEZING COUGH)
(SPUTTERING)
I was beautiful.
(SOLANGE LAUGHS)
I knew it.
Trouble is.
the photographer knew it too.
and he knew what all men know.
Hmm.
Stopped my ambition
right quick.
Well. then why did you keep it?
Do I seem like
the kind of woman
to run and hide from her past?
Hmm.
BELINDA: Hmm.
(PAPER RUSTLING)
- Who're they?
- BELINDA: Oh. from my work.
The one in the middle
could be Inanna.
but no one knows.
Didn't Norman say
they fired you?
No. I quit.
- It was my choice.
- Well...
my work is in the Spirit.
Belind-er.
And the Bible says.
we are the house
that the Spirit lives in.
I know how to make it right.
NORMAN: All done.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
SOLANGE: Looks like
a room for a baby.
Well. yeah.
We still have to move
a couple things around.
but your bed's in there.
made up nice.
(SOLANGE GRUNTS)
I see you kept that chair.
(CANE THWACKS)
NORMAN: It... it was my mom's.
(SPUTTERS) That's...
It's... It isn't yours.
But it's in my room.
Norman Gene.
Hmm.
What would you say
to my purchasing
new furniture for you?
Oh. Solange. that's not...
If this house
is to have a child.
it must be properly furnished.
The whole house?
I'm sure you won't be able
to resist my offer for long.
(PIANO MUSIC PLAYING)
(TOILET FLUSHING)
(DOOR CREAKING)
Norman Gene.
- What?
- Who will say Grace?
I would have thought
I taught you better.
NORMAN: Solange.
we don't really do that here.
No. It's all right. Norman.
We should celebrate
everyone's faith.
(NORMAN SIGHS)
Oh. me.
Okay. um...
Well...
it's wonderful that we can be
together as a family.
And I'm most grateful
for our child
to have a grandmother
here at home.
In Jesus' name. amen.
Thank you. I really love you.
How do you like the ham?
Norman said
it's your favorite.
Salty.
- Why would you say that?
- It's the truth. ain't it?
Just because it's true doesn't
mean you have to say it.
- Wait. Is it salty?
- I won't lie.
- Maybe a bit.
- See? (CHUCKLES)
The Lord detests lying lips.
Norman Gene.
(SOLANGE GRUNTS)
I have realized I do not know
my granddaughter's name.
Oh. we're gonna name her Fern.
Fern?
Is that a plant you got
growing in there?
(LAUGHS) No.
Used to be parents understood
names gotta have power.
How about a family name?
Well. my mother's name
was Ger-trude.
(MIMICS PRONUNCIATION)
Ger-trude?
I thought you all were
supposed to have
more interesting names.
What is that supposed to mean?
I... I'm not trying
to be insulting.
No. I wanna know what...
what is a more
interesting name?
(CHUCKLES)
Your father.
what was his name?
Walter. But I didn't
know him really well.
Hmm. we call that
a broken family.
Solange.
would you please stop?
BELINDA: They were academics.
My dad did not leave.
He died after I was born.
I see. Mmm-hmm.
Thank you for educating me
and I apologize
for any offense.
but I am determined
to give that child
a proper name.
(RECITING PRAYER IN TONGUES)
(IN ENGLISH) Walter.
Wally. Wally. Wally.
Wally. Wally.
Wally. Wally. Wally. Wally.
Wally. Wally. Wally...
(SLURPS) Wallace.
(CONTINUES SPEAKING
IN TONGUES)
(IN ENGLISH)
Wallace. nah. nah...
What's that name
coming to me. Jesus...
(CONTINUES SPEAKING
IN TONGUES)
(EXHALES HEAVILY)
(IN ENGLISH) Lawrence!
Thank you. Lord! That's it!
(SOLANGE CHUCKLES)
You must name her
after her grandfather.
What a fitting tribute.
Norman Gene.
Of course. we must adjust
the name to fit the gender.
How about...
Little Laurie Irwin.
(CHUCKLES)
Oh. what do you think.
Belind-er?
- Laurie.
- Ah! Yes.
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT PRAYING
IN TONGUES)
(BELINDA GASPS)
SOLANGE: Wallace...
(GASPS)
(PRAYING IN TONGUES CONTINUES)
(BABY CRYING)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOLANGE CONTINUES
PRAYING IN TONGUES)
(BABY CRYING)
SOLANGE: (IN ENGLISH)
Help me. Jesus. Wallace.
(BABY'S HEART BEATS RAPIDLY)
(BABY CONTINUES CRYING)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(NORMAN GROANS SOFTLY)
Baby. what are you doing up?
BELINDA: I thought I was...
I thought I was dreaming.
Oh. well. come back.
Come back to bed.
How does Solange
know about Wallace?
(SNIFFLES) Baby. who knows?
Just... I wouldn't let her
get to you.
(VINTAGE MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO)
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
MALE SINGER ON RADIO:
♪ Kneel down by the side ♪
♪ Of your mother. my boy ♪
BELINDA: Solange.
Solange?
Solange!
Interrupted prayers
go unanswered.
Help me to my feet.
- I thought you were...
- I ain't dead yet.
(CACKLES)
It was my signs and wonders.
I asked the Spirit to come
and He slew me.
My body wasn't mine no more.
Something happened in there
before that child in you now.
You're seeing things.
ain't ya?
Ain't gonna stop.
Pray with me!
Mmm. Mmm.
No matter.
He told me what to do.
What... what's that?
This house needs a mother.
♪ Hold fast to the right ♪
(RADIO VOLUME INCREASES)
♪ Wherever your footsteps
May roam ♪
- ♪ Oh. forsake... ♪
- (DOOR CLOSES)
Do you think Solange is right
about the baby's name?
(MUSIC PLAYING OVER EARBUDS)
Norman?
Norman!
Baby. I can't hear you.
I'm working.
No. baby. Please. please.
please. I'm working.
I am trying to talk to you
about our baby.
Okay.
But we might go to trial.
I have a lot of crap
to read through.
(BELINDA SIGHS)
The name Laurie
is starting to grow on me.
Uh-oh.
Her power is increasing.
Well. Solange
does know things...
but she... she's afraid.
What do you mean she's afraid?
(BELINDA SIGHS)
Of... of getting old.
She fell today
and I had to help her up.
Oh. okay. Um. Laurie. cool.
Please?
I love you.
(CANES TAPPING ON FLOOR)
(TAPPING ACCELERATES)
(SOLANGE WHIMPERS)
Uh. Solange.
is everything okay?
(COUGHS)
I don't know what you mean.
I'm just reading
from my Bible. (CHUCKLES)
But it's upside down.
So it is. (CHUCKLES)
Solange. if...
if you need anything.
I'm... I'm here. okay?
I'm just gonna...
It's okay.
Please. just...
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BELINDA EXCLAIMS IN DISGUST)
I confess. (CHUCKLES)
Oh. I pray to be healed
from my affliction.
but the Holy Spirit
cannot stop me getting old.
(COUGHS WHEEZILY)
Oh. well.
if you need anything...
Oh. Belind-er. lay your hands.
Lay your hands on me.
- (COUGHS)
- I meant. I meant...
- Norman and I can help you.
- (GROANS)
I would've been mortified
if Norman Gene
were to find out.
Can it be a secret between
mother and daughter?
- All right.
- Oh. praise him!
Praise you. my daughter.
(INTONES) Oh.
Oh...
In Jesus' name. amen.
(CUTLERY CLINKING)
So how was everyone's day?
Wonderful.
Belinda and I
are fast becoming friends.
Oh. that's great.
(COUGHING WHEEZILY)
(BELINDA CHUCKLES
UNCOMFORTABLY)
(NORMAN SNIFFS)
(SNIFFS) You smell that?
Smells kinda like... (SNIFFS)
...uh. musty.
(SIGHS)
Solange. I'm sorry.
We have to...
Norman. we have a problem
that we need to discuss
as a family.
What is it?
(GLASS CLINKING)
(SIGHS)
Solange.
why don't you tell him?
I don't know what to say.
(NORMAN CLEARS THROAT)
She's incontinent.
(CUTLERY SLAMS ON TABLE)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOLANGE GRUNTING SOFTLY)
The only incontinence is her.
Ain't no mother...
She can't speak to you
like that.
Baby. she's hurt.
She begged me not to tell you.
but I had to.
I can't do this without you.
Look at me.
(CANES TAPPING IN DISTANCE)
(GASPS SOFTLY)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(STAIRS CREAKING)
SOLANGE: Help me!
Help me. please!
Help me!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDS)
(GAGS)
- Solange.
- Help me!
She is your mother.
My stepmother. And Belinda.
I'm sorry. I can't do this.
I have to go to work.
Oh. goodbye.
You're gonna be a child.
- I have to go to work.
- I have to clean her myself?
SOLANGE: Help me! (SCREAMS)
God! God. this sucks!
What am I supposed
to tell my clients?
"Oh. sorry I'm late.
"I had to take care and wipe
my fucking stepmother."
- I can't do it. Belinda.
- But we have to do it.
She's not a child.
Okay? Not a baby.
- She's not.
- SOLANGE: Help me!
- (BELINDA RETCHES)
- (SOLANGE GROANING)
M. E. double S. Mess.
I'm an M. E. double S. Mess.
(SOLANGE SOBBING)
M. E. double S. Mess.
- Solange.
- I'm an M. E. double S. Mess.
BELINDA: Solange.
I gotta get you out of bed
to clean you up.
SOLANGE: Okay.
No. Norman.
use it to cover her.
(SOLANGE GROANS IN DISCOMFORT)
(NORMAN GROANS IN DISGUST)
We're gonna take you
to the shower. Solange.
No showers!
BELINDA: Oh. but the only bath
is upstairs.
No showers!
I have never had a shower
in my life.
Yeah. All right. Let's just
take her to the bath upstairs.
- But it's in our room.
- Belinda. who cares?
- Let's just do it.
- (WAILS)
- Solange. Come on. come on.
- (SOLANGE WAILING)
All right. come on.
Up. up. up.
(SOLANGE GROANS)
(GROANS IN DISCOMFORT)
(SOLANGE CONTINUES GROANING)
(GROANS)
(SOLANGE WAILS)
There's fucking pee on my tie.
- (BELINDA GROANS)
- Fuck.
(SIGHS)
(CELLPHONE RINGING)
Fuck. Um. Belinda.
I have to go.
Wait. you're gonna
just leave me here?
I'm sorry.
I'll make it up to you.
Look. It is unfair for me
to have to take care
of your stepmother
pregnant and alone.
You wanna do the unfair thing?
I'm the one with the job
and you wanna do
the unfair thing?
- Don't.
- Oh. maybe I should just quit.
Yeah. I'll quit today and stay
and help you. How's that?
(CELLPHONE RINGING)
Fuck! Fuck. baby.
I'm sorry.
Okay? I'm overwhelmed.
And I was gonna wait
to tell you until it's certain
but Joseph's
got a spot for me.
He's serious.
I just gotta get this
fucking guy to a plea bargain.
- Okay. So this is real.
- This is real.
- Okay. I'll figure it out.
- (KISSES)
- This one okay?
- Yeah.
Okay. Love you. (KISSES)
Norman Irwin.
Why did you put this
on my statue?
Honor thy mother.
Here.
(SIGHS)
Know what this fish means?
Do you?
It was to identify Christians.
No. Christians stole it.
It was a symbol
of the goddess.
- See?
- (SOLANGE GASPS)
Look at us
teaching each other.
We ain't so different.
What do you mean?
We both know what it's like
to live in a world
that ain't made for us.
I can't practice my faith.
not like I used to.
What do you call that
but persecution?
No. Persecution
is doing something right
and not being allowed
to feel secure about anything.
I was valedictorian.
got the same job
as my parents.
but somehow
I can't afford anything
until my Christian
stepmother-in-law shows up.
(GROANS. LAUGHS)
Why are you clapping?
Because we can be like
Mother Anne
and Mother Mary. (LAUGHS)
Oh. please. Belinda.
What's it gonna take?
(I BELIEVE BY DOTTIE WEST
PLAYING)
♪ I believe for every drop ♪
♪ Of rain that falls ♪
♪ A flower grows ♪
♪ I believe that some... ♪
- (GROANS IN PAIN)
- (HIGH-PITCHED FREQUENCY)
(SOLANGE SPEAKING IN TONGUES)
(HIGH-PITCHED FREQUENCY
CONTINUES DRONING)
(GROANING)
DOCTOR: (IN ENGLISH)
Did you get anesthesia done?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(I BELIEVE BY DOTTIE WEST
CONTINUES PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(MEDICAL STAFF
SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
(BABY'S HEARTBEAT POUNDING)
(SPEAKING IN TONGUES)
(MEDICAL STAFF
SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
DOCTOR: Retractor. please.
(SPEAKING IN TONGUES)
DOCTOR: (IN ENGLISH) Ready?
Take some deep breaths.
(MONITOR BEEPING)
SOLANGE: Hall-e-lu-jah!
(BABY CRYING.
HEARTBEAT POUNDING)
(CRYING FADES)
(GROUP CHATTERING
INDISTINCTLY)
(BABY COOS)
NORMAN: Hold on. uh. baby.
I can help you.
BELINDA: I got her.
(GENTLE MUSIC PLAYING)
- Whose car is this?
- NORMAN: What?
Just give me one sec.
(BELINDA EXHALES)
(GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(DOOR SQUEAKS)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
BELINDA: What the hell?
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
SOLANGE: There she is!
Welcome home. my dear.
- Do you like my gifts?
- What happened to my house?
- This isn't...
- Hush now. (GRUNTS)
(EXHALES. STRAINS)
What is her name?
(BABY COOS)
We decided to go with Laurie.
Oh! (CHUCKLES)
- (BELINDA GROANS)
- Belinda. are you in pain?
- BELINDA: I'm still...
- Bring them to me.
BELINDA:
...healing from the...
- (MUTTERING HURRIEDLY)
- (BELINDA SPUTTERS)
- (BABY LAURIE CRYING)
- OLD WOMAN: Do you know
your body is a temple
of the Holy Spirit?
OLD WOMAN 2:
You are not your own.
BELINDA: (SOBS)
Where's Norman?
He took a blind man
and led him out of town.
Then he put his hands
on the blind man
and his sight was restored.
And the blind man saw clearly.
OLD WOMAN: In Jesus' name!
(GROUP MUTTERING)
(GROUP CHANTING IN TONGUES)
(GROUP CONTINUES
CHANTING IN TONGUES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BABY LAURIE CRYING)
(BABBLE OF VOICES GETS LOUDER)
- (IN ENGLISH) Stop it!
- (BABY LAURIE CRYING)
(BELINDA WHIMPERS)
- (GRUNTS SOFTLY)
- (BABY LAURIE CRIES)
Get out of my house.
SOLANGE:
We was just trying to help.
Get out of my house!
- (EXHALES)
- (BABY LAURIE COOS)
- SOLANGE: Norman?
- Yeah?
- BELINDA: Norman?
- Norman Gene.
- thank God you're here!
- BELINDA: No. I just...
She... she is not happy
with the gifts
I tried to show her.
Solange. I told you.
it shouldn't be a surprise.
but. babe.
there's some amazing stuff.
Do you know the things
they were doing?
Well. Solange paid
to have the furniture...
- Wait. Did something happen?
- Yes. (BREATHES HEAVILY)
They were speaking in tongues
and fucking touching me
and Laurie.
- Solange. is this true?
- Norman Gene!
You agreed if I would have
purchased the furniture...
- Yes.
- ...my little circle
- could come here.
- No. don't...
What?
- You invited them?
- No. I didn't. I didn't.
Uh-oh.
you didn't tell Belind-er.
Oh!
You know what kept
my Lawrence and me united.
Norman Gene?
Honesty.
- Mmm. Mmm.
- Solange.
- Go to your room.
- Of course.
(SOLANGE CHUCKLES)
Let me know who wins.
(DRAMATIC MUSICAL STING PLAYS)
I told Solange she could have
her prayer group here
in exchange for the furniture.
which I thought you'd like.
I'm sorry.
What made you think I would
want this 1819 furniture?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BABY LAURIE COOING)
What the hell is that?
It's my dad's urn.
(BELINDA SCOFFS SOFTLY)
Jesus Christ.
She took down my fucking
statues and replaced them.
I don't want it there.
Well. it is my dad.
Well. this is our house.
not hers.
Tell her.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BABY LAURIE COOING)
(BABY LAURIE CRYING)
(SIGHS)
(CLOCK CHIMING)
(SOLANGE GRUNTS)
Laurie had
a hard time latching.
(WINCES. SIGHS)
Don't like my chairs neither?
It's just. um...
different.
Now this piece
I brought from storage.
This is the table
Norman Gene and I ate at
and prayed at and sang at.
(CHUCKLES)
What was it we always sung?
- Jesus Loves Me.
- Oh. yes!
And you never did get
that tune right. did you?
(SOLANGE LAUGHS)
Lord. we pray
your food restores us.
Lord. we ask you
to fill this house
with your mighty spirit.
and. Lord. we give thanks
for the return of the mother
to our family.
In Jesus' name. Amen.
This is my special recipe.
rampion salad.
That sweet-tasting leaf
has many medicinal properties.
(SOFTLY) Oh.
(CUTLERY CLATTERS)
I help pay your bills.
I provide new furnishings.
I've cooked you
my favorite meal
and this is how you treat me.
Please. You're not my mother.
But we want the same things
for our family?
You and I are the same.
Stop saying that.
This is a Christian country
and He created us
all in one image.
Paul says
there is no difference
between the Jew
nor the Gentile.
(BELINDA SCOFFS)
Then what happened?
What's happening
to people like me?
I mean.
will your granddaughter
be treated equally
in this Christian country?
- If she's taught right.
- By what teachers?
- What textbooks?
- Oh!
Don't get me going on books
written by Yankee secularists
denying God!
I'm talking about textbooks
by white men
that prop up white Christian
colonialist history
and ignore who they've raped
and enslaved.
What are you going on about?
My father was from Haiti.
They don't know how to run
that country down there.
What? Holy shit! This woman.
- Have I offended you?
- You've offended me.
- Is that enough?
- Norman. you were right.
SOLANGE: And what are you
going on about?
- He said that you wouldn't...
- Belinda. don't...
He said that you wouldn't
approve of us.
(CUTLERY CLINKS)
How dare you say
something so cruel?
- My Norman would never say it.
- I said it. Okay? I said it.
No. This I will not stand for.
You are twisting my son
against me.
I don't know
what makes you think...
Because you're a racist!
(CUTLERY CLINKS)
You have no right
to call me that.
You don't know
what real racism is.
- You're gonna tell me?
- SOLANGE: You don't know.
I know because I was here
first and I seen it.
I seen the Klan!
Mmm. My cousin
was a grand dragon!
Ooh. See. Norman.
this is my point.
This is the Klan.
She is the fucking Klan.
Norman.
And you're an uppity Yankee.
Uppity. uppity.
I guess I am a racist!
- Mmm-hmm.
- SOLANGE: Ha!
Ha! Look at me.
Here I go riding on my horse
to burn a cross. Ha!
Why are you behaving that way.
you grown-ass racist?
Look at me!
I am a racist baby!
Goo-goo. gaga-gaga!
Dada. Dada!
Dada. Dada. Mama. Dada. Mama!
Mama. Mama. Mama!
- Mama! Mama!
- Get away from me!
(SOLANGE GROANS)
- (GRUNTS) Help me!
- Solange.
Don't!
SOLANGE: (GRUNTS)
Help me. Belind-er!
- Jesus.
- Help me. Belind-er!
My name is Belin-da!
Belin-da!
(SOLANGE FARTS)
(SOLANGE GRUNTS SOFTLY)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOLANGE SPUTTERING)
(CRIES OUT IN PAIN)
(LAUNDRY BASKET CLATTERS)
(SOLANGE CONTINUES GROANING)
M. E.
double S.
(SOLANGE WHIMPERS)
- (GASPS. CHUCKLES)
- (BELINDA EXHALES)
Look at us! (LAUGHS)
I know what you're feeling.
BELINDA: You don't know
anything about me.
But you know who I am.
BELINDA: Uh...
That is heritage.
Not for me
or your granddaughter.
Oh. you're right.
It's what you taught me.
I am a racist.
(SOBBING)
Stop crying for yourself.
Oh. how wise you are.
Belind-er.
Belinda.
You may take that certificate
and tear it asunder.
but only
if you open your hand.
You ain't the only one
who lost.
I can testify. amen.
in His name.
What are you doing? Let me go.
- (GRUNTS)
- I had a daughter.
Margaret-Anne.
Smart child.
Always smiling.
She figured quick
how to escape her crib
and how to open a window.
Demons came for me quick.
Belinda. crawling in my mind
till I cast off
the dark of my shame
and walked into the light
of His spiritual kingdom.
Hallelujah. My Margaret-Anne.
she smiles
and flies in heaven.
And your boy.
he's smiling there too.
He's... he's... he's flying.
He's talking to me.
Mommy.
(BELINDA GASPS)
She healed your belly. Mommy.
She can teach you
to be a good mommy.
Cast out the bad one.
Mommy?
Mommy.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(RADIO TURNS ON)
♪ Kneel down by the side ♪
♪ Of your mother. my boy ♪
SOLANGE: Mommy.
(BELINDA EXHALES)
(BABY LAURIE CRYING)
It's all right.
it's all right.
(BABY LAURIE CONTINUES CRYING)
(WINCES) All right.
What am I doing wrong?
- (SNIFFS)
- (BABY LAURIE CRYING)
Okay. Okay.
(CRYING STOPS)
(CRYING RESUMES)
(SOFTLY)
Are you fricking kidding me?
(CRYING STOPS)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(MUSIC STOPS ABRUPTLY)
(BABY LAURIE STARTS CRYING)
- (CRYING STOPS)
- (NORMAN EXHALES)
- Okay.
- BELINDA: Yeah.
She's taking over the house.
replacing our furniture.
and Solange named the baby.
No. No. We named Laurie.
She wants to replace me.
What is that doing in here?
I made a deal with her that
I could tear it up if I...
took the cross.
We named the baby.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
SOLANGE: Help me!
Help me!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Norman.
Belinda!
Anybody... Please.
M. E. double S. Mess.
I'm an M. E. double S. Mess.
- (GASPS)
- (LINE RINGING)
(RETCHES)
BELINDA: Listen.
you need to come home.
I don't care what excuse
you give your clients
or the court.
- I am losing my freaking mind.
- (BABY LAURIE WAILING)
NORMAN: Listen. just...
calm down. okay?
Norman.
I just cleaned up so much shit
while Solange just sat there
smiling at me.
- Jesus.
- I can't keep Laurie safe.
Do you hear her?
No. What... what's going on?
I can't do this by myself.
Your stepmother is...
- (CANE TAPS)
- (FEET SHUFFLING)
Hello?
- (CANES TAPPING)
- Belinda?
- (FEET SHUFFLING)
- Belinda. look...
I... I don't know
what's happening.
But I'll leave right now.
I'll be right there. Hello?
(SOLANGE SPEAKING
IN TONGUES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATH TREMBLING)
(SHEEP BLEATING)
(BABY LAURIE COOING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDING)
(IN ENGLISH)
What'd you do to her?
Jesus was baptized.
And heaven opened.
and He saw the spirit of God.
- Stay away from her.
- Laurie is a child of God.
Laurie is my daughter.
(SOLANGE CACKLES)
I am her mother.
Oh. no. ya ain't.
Oh. no. ya ain't!
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
It was John
who was filled with the spirit
of his mother's womb.
She knew to fear the Lord.
Do you fear Him?
- No.
- Then fear me.
(LAUGHS)
Fear is the beginning
of knowledge.
It's fools like you despise
wisdom and my instruction.
Can't even feed that child
properly. can ya? I can.
And she will suckle
from my wisdom
as will Norman Gene
and the whole
- God-fearing world!
- (CANES CLATTER)
Get away from me.
Never! I called out to you.
Belinda.
I stretched out my hand
and I tried
to teach you. but...
(SPEAKS IN TONGUES)
(IN ENGLISH) I will laugh when
your fear turns to destruction
and to a great wind and there
will be nothing left of you
but fear and anguish.
(SPEAKS IN TONGUES)
(IN ENGLISH)
I'll be there laughing
when you will call to the Lord
and he will not listen.
For then. finally.
you will be filled
with the mother's wisdom.
And we all know
who the real mother is.
- No!
- Yeah. go on. hit me!
Yeah. hit me!
(SOLANGE CACKLES)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC BUILDING)
- (LOUD THUD)
- (SOLANGE GRUNTS)
(SOLANGE GROANS)
(SPUTTERING)
(LAUGHS CUNNINGLY)
(LAUGHS HEARTILY)
- (DOOR CLOSES)
- NORMAN: Belinda!
BELINDA: Norman!
She's out of control.
NORMAN: What is happening?
(SOBS) You gotta help me.
Norman Gene.
She's trying to murder me!
What? Norman.
I didn't do that!
NORMAN:
Belinda. look at her face!
Oh. I think she has to go
to the hospital.
- Come on. Okay. come here.
- (SOLANGE SOBBING)
(CONTINUES SOBBING)
NORMAN: It's okay.
It's all right.
(SOLANGE SOBBING)
(BABY LAURIE CRYING)
NORMAN: Belinda.
Belinda.
I've been screaming your name.
Do you not hear Laurie?
I'm trying the "crying it out"
method.
Isn't she a little young
for that?
She won't attach to me.
Do you think I wanna hear her
crying and crying?
(SHATTERING)
(BABY LAURIE CRYING)
I'm sorry.
Norman...
She said that you hit her.
I didn't. She's lying.
She told the nurses
that her daughter-in-law
put her in the hospital.
- You don't believe that.
- I... I took care of it.
No. She is going after me.
You are the one
who wanted her here
unless we're not being
very honest with ourselves.
You have never been honest
with me about your family.
First Solange.
and now your sister.
Your dead sister.
Margaret-Anne.
My dead sister?
Yes. Solange said
she had a daughter.
Baby. what are you
talking about?
- And she passed away.
- Is this like postpartum stuff
- or maybe stuff about Wallace?
- Don't try to...
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
Oh. my God.
The hospital suggested that
because she's on bed rest...
- We need to hire a nurse.
- A nurse?
Or put her in a home
or something.
- (WHISTLE BLOWING)
- I won't do this by myself.
- Belinda. please.
- No.
I'm so close
to getting this job.
I just need
a little more time.
Just be here with Laurie.
I'm here with Solange. Norman.
- (WHISTLE BLOWING)
- Please.
If I can just get over
this hump. it'll be different.
- (BABY LAURIE CRYING)
- (WHISTLE BLOWING FRANTICALLY)
(CRYING CONTINUES)
I'm doing diapers now.
Adult.
(DOOR CLOSES)
(BABY LAURIE CONTINUES CRYING)
(FOREBODING MUSIC PLAYING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(BED CREAKING)
(THIS LITTLE LIGHT OF MINE BY
THE GATEWAY SINGERS PLAYING)
(SOLANGE GRUNTING)
(CRYING)
(WHISTLE BLOWING)
(BLOWS WHISTLE)
(SPRAY HISSING)
(CRYING)
(LAUGHS)
(BLOWS WHISTLE)
(SOLANGE SOBBING)
- (LAUGHS)
- (CRIES)
(BLOWS WHISTLE)
- (LAUGHS)
- (CRIES)
- (WHISTLE BLOWS)
(SOLANGE GRUNTS. MUTTERS)
- (CRIES)
- (LAUGHS)
(BLOWS WHISTLE)
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(WHISTLE BLOWING FRANTICALLY)
(WHISTLE CONTINUES BLOWING)
- (DOORBELL RINGS)
- (EXHALES)
(DOOR CREAKS OPEN)
Hello. Belinda.
Uh. Solange asked me to come.
(DOOR CREAKS SHUT)
Okay.
Uh. she said things
were getting a little tense.
- Hmm.
- Is that true?
It's just that
Norman is barely here
and Laurie doesn't even eat
unless it's from a bottle.
which they say is fine.
but I just feel like
a terrible mother.
You named
your daughter Laurie?
- After Lawrence.
- (CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
She suggested it.
- Then Solange is helping.
- No. She's evil.
- Solange?
- Yes. Solange.
Look. she wants to take over
this house.
I mean. she...
she... she does things.
She has power over people.
I mean. you're...
you're right here.
You see this?
Two packs a day.
Can you guess
what got me to quit?
It was Solange and Lawrence
that laid hands on me.
and. well...
it was like a miracle.
So you believe like her?
I like to think
that I'm a Cessationist.
But Solange helped me.
(BELINDA SIGHS)
Well. so did Nicorette gum.
But the point is...
(CLOCK TICKING)
We all need
whatever help we can get
in this fallen world.
Is it worth
discriminating the source?
She thinks
that she is the only mother.
She wants to be a good mother.
She told me
that she fervently wishes
Norman knows she loves him.
- Bullshit.
- (SIGHS)
Can't we pray she meant it?
And she paid off
your mortgage. didn't she?
Isn't that proof?
BELINDA: No.
No.
Oh. Lord forgive me.
you didn't know.
- She shouldn't have done that.
- But you see...
- (BELINDA SOBS)
- ...even in secret...
Solange seeks to help you.
BELINDA: (SOBS) No.
It's a mother's blessing
to help her children.
- isn't it?
- (SOBS)
- (CLOCK CHIMING)
- Oh.
Don't forget.
what you and Norman
did for Solange is a...
a good deed.
(WHISTLE BLOWING)
(WHISTLE CONTINUES BLOWING)
(WHISTLE CONTINUES
BLOWING FAINTLY)
SOLANGE: Uh. I would like
to go to my chair.
That's why you called me
in here?
(DRAWN-OUT) Yes.
(STRAINING) Belinda.
(SOLANGE GROANS)
BELINDA: (SOFTLY) Okay.
I... I can't.
You can't or you won't?
(SOLANGE GROANS)
- (BOTH GRUNT)
- (SOLANGE BREATHES HEAVILY)
(SOLANGE CHUCKLES)
I'd know that look anywhere.
What's wrong. Belinda?
This is my house.
Of course.
between you and me.
But not according to the bank.
I'm just trying
to ease your burdens.
me and Norman Gene. together.
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
I'd like some water
before you go.
(DRAWN-OUT) Please.
Did you lie
about your daughter?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
Hmm.
(GASPING)
(SPUTTERING)
(GASPING AND CHOKING)
(CHOKING)
(LAUGHS)
(CONTINUES LAUGHING)
SOLANGE: Help me. Norman Gene!
Please!
(SOLANGE CONTINUES
CALLING OUT INDISTINCTLY)
Don't.
- (SOLANGE MUTTERS)
- You're okay.
- (CANES TAPPING)
- (FEET SHUFFLING)
- It's okay.
- (GROANS)
Okay. I got you.
(SOLANGE CONTINUES GROANING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(NORMAN CRYING)
NORMAN: I want Mommy!
(HOLD FAST TO THE RIGHT
PLAYING ON RADIO)
♪ Kneel down by the side ♪
♪ Of your mother. my boy ♪
♪ You have only a moment
I know ♪
(DOOR CREAKING)
♪ But stay
Till I give you... ♪
(SUCKLING SOUNDS)
(SOFT MOANING)
(SUCKLING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SUCKLING SOUNDS)
(GASPS)
(MUSIC DISTORTS)
(RETCHES. GASPS)
NORMAN: Belinda?
Norman.
Did you hurt her?
(BABY LAURIE CRYING)
What?
Of course not.
(BABY LAURIE CONTINUES CRYING)
No. It wasn't...
I... I couldn't.
- Who was it then. Belinda?
- Solange!
Belinda.
she can't get up the stairs.
Yes. she can.
She doesn't need her canes.
She wants you to think
that it was me.
Just look.
Look.
It's missing teeth. Like her.
(EXHALES SOFTLY)
(CRYING CONTINUES)
She bit our baby.
(DOOR SQUEAKS)
SOLANGE: Norman. Norman Gene.
Is that you?
I can't see very clearly.
Has all this been pretend?
Oh-ho. you're with her.
- The one that hates me.
- Just stop!
You hurt Laurie
because you're trying
to turn me against Belinda.
Isn't that right? Admit it.
(LAUGHS)
(CACKLES)
Ain't me gotta confess.
I am your mother.
and I would never hurt
a child of God.
Jesus Christ!
Solange. you can't live
with us anymore.
You're tossing me
out of my own home.
after all I've done for you?
Come here. Norman Gene.
Come closer.
Come here.
(BED CREAKS)
(EXHALES)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
SOLANGE: Why...
can't...
I...
die?
Why...
can't...
I...
die?
(SOBBING) Why can't I die?
(SUCKLING)
Norman!
Oh. my God. (CHUCKLES)
- Norman. She's doing it.
- (NORMAN GRUNTS)
She's eating.
(NORMAN SIGHS)
Thank God.
(I'M GONNA LIVE FOREVER
BY THE CATHEDRALS PLAYING)
♪ I'm gonna live forever ♪
♪ I'm gonna die. no. never ♪
♪ Jesus died
On a tree for me ♪
PASTOR LEWIS:
Death is a revelation.
♪ I'm gonna live forever ♪
PASTOR LEWIS:
He who believes in me...
though he may die.
he shall live.
Do you believe this?
♪ Hung in lights
Upon a marquee ♪
♪ Because Jesus Christ... ♪
(MUSIC STOPS)
(BREATHES HEAVILY)
(SOLANGE'S LAUGHTER ECHOES)
(CAR ENGINE REVS)
(ENGINE CONTINUES REVVING)
(SOLANGE'S ECHOED LAUGHTER
BECOMES LOUDER)
(SINISTER MUSIC PLAYING)
- (BELINDA YELLS)
- (LAUGHTER CRESCENDOES)
(SILENCE FALLS)
(EXHALES DEEPLY)
(SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING)
(BABY LAURIE COOING)
(BABY LAURIE COOS)
- Hello.
- Hey.
(NORMAN GROANS)
- Should have used my legs.
- (CHUCKLES)
You look beautiful. babe.
- Excited for this interview?
- I am.
They're offering
leave right away.
which would be amazing.
- NORMAN: Hi.
- (BABY LAURIE BABBLES)
And how are you two doing?
(CHUCKLES)
They like to do somersaults.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Twins.
I don't know
if I'm ready for this.
(BOTH CHUCKLE)
(PAPER RUSTLING)
- Do you feel weird?
- Hmm?
I don't know. like.
Solange and...
all of her money
paying for all this.
She got what she deserved.
Yeah. You're right.
I don't know
that I'll ever get over
what she did to Laurie.
And to you.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
- (CANES TAPPING)
- (FEET SHUFFLING)
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC FADES)
You all right?
Get rid of that.
(NO REGRETS
BY EDITH PIAF PLAYING)
♪ No. no regrets ♪
♪ No. I will have no regrets ♪
♪ All the things ♪
♪ That went wrong ♪
(SINGING ALONG)
♪ For at last ♪
♪ I have learned
To be strong ♪
♪ No. no regrets ♪
♪ No. I will have no regrets ♪
♪ For the grief ♪
♪ Doesn't last... ♪
ADMINISTRATOR:
Congratulations. Belinda.
Thank you.
The twins were a big surprise.
I mean. I love being a mom.
but the classroom
is where I'm supposed to be.
I mean.
our kids have to see us
being happy and free. right?
And I am.
You know. I've never been
better in my entire life.
I feel like
no one can hold me back.
What do you mean?
Well. let's just say
being cooped up in a house
with a newborn
and a mother-in-law
can drive anyone crazy.
I can't imagine
how you handled it.
SOLANGE: Why...
can't...
I...
die?
(SOBBING) Why can't I die?
Why... can't...
I... die?
(NO REGRETS
BY EDITH PIAF CONTINUES)
Why...
can't...
I... die?
♪ All the things ♪
♪ That went wrong ♪
♪ For at last ♪
♪ I have learned
To be strong ♪
(THUDS)
(MUFFLED STRAINING)
♪ No regrets ♪
♪ No. I will have no regrets ♪
♪ For the seed that is new ♪
♪ It's the love... ♪
ADMINISTRATOR: Belinda?
♪ That is growing for you ♪
(SONG ENDS
WITH MUSICAL FLOURISH)
(OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm